docs: added move notice (#93)
ReVanced/revanced-manager-compose: README.md

> # ⚠️ MOVING NOTICE ⚠️

Reviewer: Only one heading is allowed. Move this under the title and use "##"

> All future development on the ReVanced Manager Compose has been moved to the [revanced-manager](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager) repository.

Reviewer 2: The branch should be mentioned as well so people can more easily find it

Reviewer: i think it makes more sense for this repo to redirect to the other, then the other can specify in which branch what happens

_(Yet another)_ rewrite of the ReVanced Manager using Kotlin and Jetpack Compose.

> ## ⚠️ MOVING NOTICE ⚠️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Notice
```

> All future development on the Compose rewrite of ReVanced Manager has been moved to the [compose-dev](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/tree/compose-dev) branch in the [revanced-manager](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Development is continued in the [ReVanced Manager](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager) repository.
```

_(Yet another)_ rewrite of the ReVanced Manager using Kotlin and Jetpack Compose.

> ## MOVING NOTICE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Moved development
```
